he's a cop without vision you can't
actually see a permit for this whole
he's a driver without a dream five
cheeseburgers five charger there's a
spring full of cocaine
they don't have cocaine never over two
cop before however taking a bullet for
someone think by the time a gun is fired
that you couldn't jump in front of a
bullet you know I'm starting to question
us together they're taking crime
you cannot leave him in my car this
isn't over for know don't act like you
know what uber pool is on July 12 you
can do it saving the day
we'll take a pair to get away
[Music]
none gianni you've maxed with the road
overdrive
Bautista three
[Music]
Gilpin date Raveena
technically for you before I got shot at
rhetorical rhetorical question you
tickets on sale now radar
[Music]